04-28-99	Woohoo!  One point oh baby!  New stuff: now does SLIP and 
                RAW (PPP) packets, so all you people out there with modems can
		use Snort now too.  I also added in options to send alerts to 
		syslog.  The stability/functionality of the last release was 
		good enough for me to decide that 1.0 was ready to ship, so 
		here it is.  Enjoy!
		
04-17-99        Well, I guess I decided to change things around a bit.  I have
                rewritten about half of the rules parser so that future 
                addition of rule types people find generally interesting will be
                much easier to do.  I also totally rewrote the logging section
                so that it was more sane to write follow on code with.  Those
                are the major big changes.  I'm finally happy with the way this
                software is laid out and operates, so if this one works pretty
                well, I'll slap whatever bug fixes need to be made onto it and
                it'll really truly be version 1.0.

04-06-99	Ok, this is the big one, I think everything is stable enough 
                now for a general release.  If this one doesn't do anything 
                bizzare once it gets out into the real world, it's going to be
                version 1.0, and this time I mean it! :) Note that I'm 
                including the snort-lib template file, which has some useful
                patterns and rules that people may want to use.  Also note that
                this is version 0.99 rc5, there was no version rc4!  Ok, that's
                it for now, if anyone has any problems with this version, let
                me know!

03-24-99        Let me just say that I think I might need to implement some
                sort of formalized testing regimen before making major 
                releases.  Please pardon the last two crap releases, not enough
                time and too much work for one person to do. (lets all have a 
                pity party...)  Anyway, I beat the crap out of this version 
                with iptest and nmap, and I think it works pretty damn good 
                now.  Lets hope it continues to work well tomorrow...

03-21-99	Ok, good size update, I think this may turn out to be 1.0, but
                I'm done thinking that seriously for the time being.  Added
                TCP flag-based rules, port range rules, IP and TCP option 
                decoding, truncated packet handling, improved fragmented packet
                handling, and some bug fixing.  I'm not quite sure what else I'd
                like to put in before the 1.0 release, so I thinking this is
                going to be it.  If there's any big feature you've been wishing
                for, now's the time to ask!

03-08-99	Got a request to do more precise timestamping, so I ripped off
		the TCPDump timestamp routine and stuffed it in Snort.  You
		can now see which particular millisecond packet XYZ showed up
		in.  I'm working on the rest of the stuff....

03-06-99        Well, no new rules yet, but this program is a lot faster than
                the last release.  The two biggest bottleneck routines have been
                rewritten and are now faster and more efficient.  I've also
                started doing more complete decoding of the IP header, starting
                with the fragment data.   For those of you not using Linux, 
                collected/dropped packet statistics are now being generated
                when Snort is exited.

                The next release will (hopefully) decode the fragments and be 
                able to apply the rules set to them.  I'm also planning on 
                having IP Option decoding in the next release, plus the new 
                rules set.  Stay tuned!

02-18-99	I've started a new job and gotten one of those ergonomic 
		keyboards, so development has slowed a bit.  This release 
		focuses on minor bug fixes and code cleanup.  I'm thinking about
		changing the rules format to something with one rule argument
		per line.  This will make for larger, more readable rules files
		at the cost of more typing for the user.  It sorta sucks,
		but this is the best way I can think of to do it...

01-28-99        Content based logging is done.  With this addition, this thing
                can finally be used for light duty IDS tasks and catch most 
                things.  There still needs to be some additional work done to
                add rules for things like TCP flags, fragments, and IP options,
                but the base structure is there.

                Automatic rules sorting is implemented now too, so you can make
                your rules look as disorganized as you want.

                If nobody finds any show stopper bugs in this release, this is
                going to be 1.0!

01-19-99        Rules based packet capture is a reality now.  Added it pretty
                much all in a day or so of serious hacking.  The code is
                modularized now into excitingly chunky files.  I did this to
                avoid insanity, and I highly recommend it.  Look at the README
                file or the "RULES.SAMPLE" file to see how rules work.  I also
                fixed the seriously porked logging code, now all conversations
                end up in single files based upon the homenet address command
                line parameter, or in its absense, hi port/lo port.  I highly
                recommend using the homenet capability (-h option).

                Coming soon: Content based logging!

01-08-99	I'm thinking about putting in some "capture/pass" logic into 
                the program to facilitate rules/content based traffic capture.  
                In other words, make some kind of light intrusion detection 
                capability.  Look for it by version 1.0.



 
